Add support pages for new TLDs (#1903)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/domains-music.md

---
title: .MUSIC Domains
excerpt: This article explains the requirements and special procedures for .MUSIC domain names.
meta: Register .MUSIC domains with DNSimple. Registrations are non-realtime, require registry identity verification, and can be suspended if verification is not completed.
categories:
- TLDs
---

# .MUSIC Domain Names

* TOC
{:toc}

---

This article explains the requirements and special procedures for .MUSIC domain names.

## Registering a .MUSIC domain {#registering}

> .MUSIC registrations are non-realtime. After registration, the registry sends a verification email to the registrant with instructions to complete identity and music industry validation at [id.music](https://www.id.music/).

Reviewer: if a customer claims they did not receive the verification email, can they just go to the site listed to verify?

Author: Yes.

> .MUSIC registrations are non-realtime. After registration, the registry sends a verification email to the registrant with instructions to complete identity and music industry validation at [id.music](https://www.id.music/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.MUSIC registrations are non-realtime. After registration, the registry sends a verification email to the registrant with instructions to complete identity and music community verification through [id.music](https://www.id.music/). Verification is mandatory. Make sure the registrant email address is accurate and monitored so you can receive and respond to registry verification messages.
```

> .MUSIC registrations are non-realtime. After registration, the registry sends a verification email to the registrant with instructions to complete identity and music industry validation at [id.music](https://www.id.music/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.MUSIC registrations are non-realtime. After registration, the registry sends a verification email to the registrant with instructions to complete identity and music industry validation at [id.music](https://www.id.music/). 

If the verification email is not received, the registrant can go directly to [id.music](https://www.id.music/) to complete the validation process.
```

Author: ✅
